DOC-852: New iframe_aria_text setting (#2033)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/iframe-aria-text.md

## `iframe_aria_text`

{{ site.requires_5_9v }}

> This option allows you to set the editor iframe title attribute.

Reviewer: `you` shouldn't be used here, see https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/configure/contributing-docs/#pronouns. We also need to clarify this only works in classic/iframe mode and not other modes such as inline mode.

> This option allows setting the editor iframe title attribute. It is intended for use with {{site.productname}}'s [classic mode]({{site.baseurl}}/general-configuration-guide/use-tinymce-classic/) only, as the editable area is sandboxed within an iframe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option is used to customize the `title` attribute on the {{site.productname}} `iframe` element. For example:
 
~~~html
<iframe title="Rich Text Area. Press ALT-0 for help."></iframe>
~~~

This `title` attribute is read by screen-readers to help users identify the editor. This option only applies to {{site.productname}} [classic (iframe) mode]({{site.baseurl}}/general-configuration-guide/use-tinymce-classic/). This option has no effect on [`inline` editors]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#inline).
```
Note: The `~` block is just different syntax for codeblocks. I can't use backticks without breaking the suggestion

Author: Hmm I would use a different string in the example as that one is the default value.

The last paragraph I'd do like this to avoid repeating "this":

The `title` attribute is read by screen-readers to help users identify the editor. This option only applies to {{site.productname}} [classic (iframe) mode]({{site.baseurl}}/general-configuration-guide/use-tinymce-classic/) and has no effect on [`inline` editors]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#inline).

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I've updated the suggestion, however I've also removed the link to classic editor mode because it's mid-sentence and fairly redundant given the second half of the sentence.

## `iframe_aria_text`

{{ site.requires_5_9v }}

This option is used to customize the `title` attribute on the {{site.productname}} `iframe` element. For example:
 

> ~~~html
> <iframe title="Rich Text Area. Press ALT-0 for help."></iframe>
> ~~~

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```html
<iframe title="Rich Text Area. Press ALT-0 for help."></iframe>
```
````

> The `title` attribute is read by screen-readers to help users identify the editor. This option only applies to {{site.productname}} classic (iframe) mode and has no effect on [`inline` editors]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#inline).

Reviewer 3: Should we mention, for inline mode, the developer has free reign to set the aria title on the content

Reviewer 2: TMI?

Reviewer 2: I'm going to put that in the 'out of scope' bucket.
